README.md, before:

## indent-hints.el
*Get some hints about whether your buffer is space- or tab-loving*

---

As the Eternal Holy War of tabs-versus-spaces rages on, even within
individual projects, an emacs minor mode arises from the depths of
github with the goal of easing the burden placed on the programmer
of trying to maintain consistency in text files.

If you jump into a file that uses tabs for indentation, you shall
continue using tabs for indentation. If you jump into a file that
uses spaces for indentation, you shall continue using spaces for
indentation. That's the idea.

### Installation


* For the impatient, here's a quick setup example (after putting
  indent-hints.el in your load path):

        (require 'indent-hints)
        (indent-hints-global-mode)

  You should probably at least customize the indent-hints-mode
  group to use your preferred space/tabs setup, like so:

        M-x customize-group [RET] indent-hints [RET]

* You can set up some "whitespace profiles" that get selected
  automatically when a buffer is detected to be tab-loving or
  space-loving. To enable this functionality, you should customize
  the `indent-hints-mode` group and enable
  indent-hints-profile-switching-enabled, or add to your .emacs:

        (setq indent-hints-profile-switching-enabled t)

* You can also add your own custom functions to the hooks
  `indent-hints-mode-tab-loving-hook` and
  `indent-hints-mode-space-loving-hook` which run after a buffer is
  detected to be tab-loving or space-loving, respectively.

### Use


Just check out your mode-line to see whether the buffer you're
visiting is space-loving or tab-loving. It also shows the ratio of
space-to-tab (or tab-to-space, whichever your buffer loves)
loving-ness that your current buffer exudes. Here's a "screenshot":

    test.el Top -- (Emacs-Lisp \t:0.53 yas pair)--etc. etc.--

The file being visited in the "screenshot" has more tabs than
spaces (53% of the lines that start with some sort of indentation
start with tabs, to be exact).

### Function Documentation


#### `(ih/activate-space-loving-profile)`

Activate the space-loving profile

#### `(ih/activate-tab-loving-profile)`

Activate the tab-loving profile

#### `(ih/count-line-beginnings)`

The real meat. Examine the first character of each line in the
buffer. This can be used to determine if a buffer is space-loving
or tab-loving. Returns a list of the
form: (num-beginning-with-tab num-beginning-with-space
num-beginning-with-something-else)

#### `(indent-hints-global-activate)`

Sets up the minor-mode-alist and buffer-local variable for indentation hints

#### `(ih/update-space-loving-ratio RATIO)`

Update the of space-loving-ness shown in the mode line

#### `(ih/update-tab-loving-ratio RATIO)`

Update the of tab-loving-ness shown in the mode line

#### `(indent-hints-mode-on)`

Turns on indent-hints-mode, if appropriate.
This function is intended to be used with define-globalized-minor-mode

#### `(ih/is-temp-buffer THE-BUFFER-NAME)`

Returns true if given buffer name is a temp buffer (starts with " *")

-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add configurable list of styles to ignore

README.md, after:

## indent-hints.el
*Get some hints about whether your buffer is space- or tab-loving*

---

As the Eternal Holy War of tabs-versus-spaces rages on, even within
individual projects, an emacs minor mode arises from the depths of
github with the goal of easing the burden placed on the programmer
of trying to maintain consistency in text files.

If you jump into a file that uses tabs for indentation, you shall
continue using tabs for indentation. If you jump into a file that
uses spaces for indentation, you shall continue using spaces for
indentation. That's the idea.

### Installation


* For the impatient, here's a quick setup example (after putting
  indent-hints.el in your load path):

        (require 'indent-hints)
        (add-hook 'c-mode-common-hook 'indent-hints-activate)

  You should probably at least customize the indent-hints-mode
  group to use your preferred space/tabs setup, like so:

        M-x customize-group [RET] indent-hints [RET]

* You can set up some "whitespace profiles" that get selected
  automatically when a buffer is detected to be tab-loving or
  space-loving. To enable this functionality, you should customize
  the `indent-hints-mode` group and enable
  indent-hints-profile-switching-enabled, or add to your .emacs:

        (setq indent-hints-profile-switching-enabled t)

* You can also add your own custom functions to the hooks
  `indent-hints-mode-tab-loving-hook` and
  `indent-hints-mode-space-loving-hook` which run after a buffer is
  detected to be tab-loving or space-loving, respectively.

* To disable profile switching for a particular C style, add the style
  name to `indent-hints-ignore-c-styles`, for example:

        (setq indent-hints-ignore-c-styles '("linux"))

### Use


Just check out your mode-line to see whether the buffer you're
visiting is space-loving or tab-loving. It also shows the ratio of
space-to-tab (or tab-to-space, whichever your buffer loves)
loving-ness that your current buffer exudes. Here's a "screenshot":

    test.el Top -- (Emacs-Lisp \t:0.53 yas pair)--etc. etc.--

The file being visited in the "screenshot" has more tabs than
spaces (53% of the lines that start with some sort of indentation
start with tabs, to be exact).

### Function Documentation


#### `(ih/activate-space-loving-profile)`

Activate the space-loving profile

#### `(ih/activate-tab-loving-profile)`

Activate the tab-loving profile

#### `(ih/count-line-beginnings)`

The real meat. Examine the first character of each line in the
buffer. This can be used to determine if a buffer is space-loving
or tab-loving. Returns a list of the
form: (num-beginning-with-tab num-beginning-with-space
num-beginning-with-something-else)

#### `(ih/update-space-loving-ratio RATIO)`

Update the of space-loving-ness shown in the mode line

#### `(ih/update-tab-loving-ratio RATIO)`

Update the of tab-loving-ness shown in the mode line

#### `(indent-hints-activate)`

Activate indent-hints minor mode for this buffer, if
appropriate.

#### `(indent-hints-mode-on)`

Turns on indent-hints-mode, if appropriate.
This function is intended to be used with define-globalized-minor-mode

#### `(ih/is-temp-buffer THE-BUFFER-NAME)`

Returns true if given buffer name is a temp buffer (starts with " *")

-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
