Commentary
==========

As the Eternal Holy War of tabs-versus-spaces rages on, even within
individual projects, an emacs minor mode arises from the depths of
github with the goal of easing the burden placed on the programmer
of trying to maintain consistency in text files.

If you jump into a file that uses tabs for indentation, you shall
continue using tabs for indentation. If you jump into a file that
uses spaces for indentation, you shall continue using spaces for
indentation. That's the idea.

Installation
============

* For the impatient, here's a quick setup example (after putting
indent-hints.el in your load path):

    `(require 'indent-hints)`
    `(indent-hints-global-mode)`

You should probably at least customize the indent-hints-mode
group to use your preferred space/tabs setup, like so:

    `M-x customize-group [RET] indent-hints [RET]`

* You can set up some "whitespace profiles" that get selected
automatically when a buffer is detected to be tab-loving or
space-loving. To enable this functionality, you should customize
the `indent-hints-mode` group and enable
indent-hints-profile-switching-enabled, or add to your .emacs:

    `(setq indent-hints-profile-switching-enabled t)`

* You can also add your own custom functions to the hooks
    `indent-hints-mode-tab-loving-hook`
    `indent-hints-mode-space-loving-hook`
detected to be tab-loving or space-loving, respectively.

Use
===

Just check out your mode-line to see whether the buffer you're
visiting is space-loving or tab-loving. It also shows the ratio of
space-to-tab (or tab-to-space, whichever your buffer loves)
loving-ness that your current buffer exudes. Here's a "screenshot":

    `test.el Top -- (Emacs-Lisp Tab-loving:0.53 yas pair)--etc. etc.--`

The file being visited in the "screenshot" has more tabs than
spaces (53% of the lines that start with some sort of indentation
start with tabs, to be exact).

<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
